README.md, before:

# Design Project

#### Mock website design based on example client desires

## By **Travis Toal**

## Description

* _This project is an exercise in the design process, from defining the target users, to creating wireframes, to navigable prototypes, and finally to a coded, live site._

## Target Users

* _Potential coworkers can get a feeling of openness - both physical and mental - from the site, and can get information about how to join the workspace. Minimal text-blocks and stuff in your face. It feels high-end, but not exclusive._

* _The clients' personalities are reflected in the site - the company is not soulless, but warm, quirky, and connected to their Portland roots - definitely not your traditional corporation._

* _Non-technical folk will feel welcome and represented in the company, as opposed to a code-focused site._

* _Social clients can see the many modern amenities and luxuries the company has, and the group activities they would have access to if they join the space._

## User Personas / Stories

#### Derek
##### "As a modern professional, I want to feel like I'm in the forefront of the field."
###### Needs
* _Clean, polished site_
* _A company with high-tech amenities_

###### Pain Points
* _Companies that require clients to provide all amenities_
* _Clunky, busy sites_

###### How we can serve
* _Make it 'cool,' minimalistic and soft._
* _Showcase the many technologies the space contains._

#### Sharon
##### "I don't want to lose sight of *who I am* when I go to work."
###### Needs
* _A space to work_
* _Freedom of expression_
* _Feeling of community_

###### Pain Points
* _Companies where all employees feel the same - no diversity in personality or in background_
* _Workplaces that don't offer any recreational activities to break up the monotony of the day_
* _Boxy, confined areas_

###### How we can serve
* _Showcase the welcoming and adaptable spirit of the space._
* _Display how the company differs from the monocultured giants in the field._
* _Show the weekly activities._
* _Show the wide, open spaces in the office_

#### Carol
##### "As a businessperson, I don't want to feel alienated from the tech crowd."
###### Needs
* _A local workplace_
* _A feeling of representation_

###### Pain Points
* _Over-technical sites and jargon_

###### How we can serve
* _Cater the site to a wide crowd, not to any one occupation._

## Technologies Used

* _Sketch, v50.2_

## Setup / Installation Requirements

## Known Bugs

## Support and Contact Details

### License
* _This software is licensed under the MIT license_

Copyright (c) 2019 **Travis Toal**

Commit message:

add basic aesthetic and content comparisons of similar companies

README.md, after:

# Clear Spot - Design Project

###### Mock website design based on example client desires

#### By **Travis Toal**

### Description

* _This project is an exercise in the design process, from defining the target users, to creating wireframes, to navigable prototypes, and finally to a coded, live site._

### Target Users

* _Potential coworkers can get a feeling of openness - both physical and mental - from the site, and can get information about how to join the workspace. Minimal text-blocks and stuff in your face. It feels high-end, but not exclusive._

* _The clients' personalities are reflected in the site - the company is not soulless, but warm, quirky, and connected to their Portland roots - definitely not your traditional corporation._

* _Non-technical folk will feel welcome and represented in the company, as opposed to a code-focused site._

* _Social clients can see the many modern amenities and luxuries the company has, and the group activities they would have access to if they join the space._

### User Personas / Stories

#### Derek
##### "As a modern professional, I want to feel like I'm in the forefront of the field."
###### Needs
* _Clean, polished site_
* _A company with high-tech amenities_

###### Pain Points
* _Companies that require clients to provide all amenities_
* _Clunky, busy sites_

###### How we can serve
* _Make it 'cool,' minimalistic and soft._
* _Showcase the many technologies the space contains._

#### Sharon
##### "I don't want to lose sight of *who I am* when I go to work."
###### Needs
* _A space to work_
* _Freedom of expression_
* _Feeling of community_

###### Pain Points
* _Companies where all employees feel the same - no diversity in personality or in background_
* _Workplaces that don't offer any recreational activities to break up the monotony of the day_
* _Boxy, confined areas_

###### How we can serve
* _Showcase the welcoming and adaptable spirit of the space._
* _Display how the company differs from the monocultured giants in the field._
* _Show the weekly activities._
* _Show the wide, open spaces in the office_

#### Carol
##### "As a businessperson, I don't want to feel alienated from the tech crowd."
###### Needs
* _A local workplace_
* _A feeling of representation_

###### Pain Points
* _Over-technical sites and jargon_

###### How we can serve
* _Cater the site to a wide crowd, not to any one occupation._

### Research
* _Similar sites include WeWork, Techspace, Regus, Proximity, CO+HOOTS, Workbar, Nextspace, Bond Collective, and NGIN Workplace._

* _Regus and Nextspace are examples of the things I *don't* want in my project -- busy, word-heavy, claustrophobic sites that drive me away._

* _My three biggest inspirations of these similar companies are the Bond Collective, CO+HOOTS, and Workbar, for their minimalistic content, aesthetic style, and user experience, respectively._

## Technologies Used

* _Sketch, v50.2_

### Setup / Installation Requirements

### Known Bugs

### Support and Contact Details

#### License
* _This software is licensed under the MIT license_

Copyright (c) 2019 **Travis Toal**
